you can
see go
okay now I don't know exactly what
happened there but just as the Red Cross
was coming out of shed here they were
attacked by local
civilians I don't know why but I guess
what that tells you is that after days
and days of this people are
extraordinarily angry and they're not
thinking straight
incompetent what else can we say about
it we are asking them to protect
us I can't understand how the r cross
behave they should protect us they are
dead and alive people here come and take
them
[Applause]
out we encountered uh serious fighting
going on and uh had a clear signal that
it was time to leave and so uh there's a
lot of fighting back down that way it's
not safe so too too dangerous to carry
absolutely too dangerous to carry out
well that's as close as we're going to
get to going into shed jaier I think
this place has become synonymous with
the violence of the past couple of weeks
and I guess what we've just seen here
now tells us that it's not just about
appalling physical violence it's also
about to completely traumatized
people